Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Rhianna Roark: I can hear you now.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me. Yes, yes.
Rhianna Roark: I am good how are you
Natalie Austin: Good morning.
Rhianna Roark: Good morning for you to
Natalie Austin: Welcome to bright heart.
Rhianna Roark: Thank you so much. I'm super excited
Rhianna Roark: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Is this your first time in treatment or do you transfer from somewhere else.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah I transferred from Columbus. I was seeing a doctor for about seven years, but it's real pricey. He wouldn't accept it state insurance and stuff. It became really really pricey so
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you've been clean for probably seven years, then
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, and I had, I had one. My son is like this is a really today's his birthday, and he passed away four years ago.
Rhianna Roark: So,
Rhianna Roark: Today's are really I'm glad I'm talking to you today. You know what I mean.
Rhianna Roark: For our only joined a meeting. Yeah, I don't know. Are we allowed to join meetings anytime. Right.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, okay, good.
Because I'll probably join
Rhianna Roark: But, um, it was, it was before he passed. I got pregnant with my youngest son, and then I decided I was, you know, strung out on pills and
Rhianna Roark: I decided, I've ever get my ass clean. I didn't want to have a baby that was addicted and then somebody introduced me to Suboxone doctor, which the suppliers and of course I couldn't take because it I was pertinent so they gave me the Savvy tech
Rhianna Roark: Right then, after, after I had Kingston, which is might notice on
Rhianna Roark: It was up in the air. If they want to put me on savvy tech or Suboxone to see if you know I would.
Rhianna Roark: Relapse or whatever sins Tottenham kind of like the bigger Bachar than subpar Suboxone but ended up keeping me on savvy tech and then when I transferred doctors from there to the guy that I just left for years.
Rhianna Roark: He tried it and maybe profusely tech. So we just stuck with what we knew you know i mean
Rhianna Roark: in Beijing didn't knock it when so I've been doing it ever since. It's just, it became very pricey.
Rhianna Roark: You know, nowadays.
God
Rhianna Roark: And then he tried to accept some state insurance, but I don't know what happened is either
Rhianna Roark: His company didn't like whatever the state insurance is, you know, there's always stipulations or
Rhianna Roark: They didn't accept what he was doing. I don't know. So I ended up having to pay, not only for the visit. And then I had to pay for all the medication.
Rhianna Roark: The entire time. So like a 500 and some dollars visit
Rhianna Roark: Oh, wow. Yeah. So, but
Rhianna Roark: I see your guys's commercial and I was super. And I thought, There's no way and then
Rhianna Roark: I called and the lady was like. And I said, well, which I want to be honest with you, I've been buying them off the street. I didn't have a chief, you know, I don't have a doctor here. So I don't want to lie to you so
Natalie Austin: Essentially I wanted
Rhianna Roark: To know yeah I've been
Natalie Austin: I'm free zone here.
Thank
Natalie Austin: You
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, I just
Rhianna Roark: I just felt like if I didn't
Rhianna Roark: Yeah yeah
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, and everybody can really, really super nice. I mean,
Good.
Rhianna Roark: Good.
Rhianna Roark: This is like a
Rhianna Roark: So different thing. And I was telling my mom like, no, I'm gonna talk, I'm going to meet my her some of my doctor. She said some blood work. I gotta get, I guess I gotta get that before I talk to you next time.
Rhianna Roark: Yes, that's correct, how that works. Okay. And I figured out it was right by it. Actually it's by
Rhianna Roark: My family physician. It's really, really close to that place. So I found it really easy when I do the Google
So,
Rhianna Roark: I'll probably get that done today is sometimes I can do maybe tomorrow good time.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: I don't work so
Rhianna Roark: I'm off tomorrow, so I should give you
Rhianna Roark: Sorry, not to talk your ear off.
Natalie Austin: That's why I'm here for
Natalie Austin: Your fine.
Natalie Austin: I'm trying to get to know us, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: Um, what this girl is a physical exam here, then, that was the HP I like I'm past medical history, do you have any
Natalie Austin: You take a nap for depression, anxiety,
Rhianna Roark: I have. Okay.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, actually I am
Rhianna Roark: Since I'm since my son passed. I have been on anxiety medicine. And actually, before that I was on anxiety medicine and then got off of it because anxiety, panic attacks and stuff in a way. But since then, when he passed it. They were really bad, bad so my
Rhianna Roark: Family Physician put me on to me diagnosing plus I take a water pill. I have names, though, girl, if you need them.
Natalie Austin: You take the water pill for high blood pressure. No.
Rhianna Roark: I actually my book pressures. Good. It's just
Rhianna Roark: For some reason, I think I hold water which is a bad time for diabetes, I think, but I just got liver done for him and everything came back good except my good cholesterol was so many points off, which wasn't bad. I guess.
Natalie Austin: Not considering
Rhianna Roark: Right, I'm from like I've been seeing this health position for a few years and from where I came, I dropped like almost close to 65 pounds and then as he had me doing different things and then he's like, I'm in the virgin
Rhianna Roark: In the process of smoking. But it's harder than ever. God, but I hate saying I started holding water my feet like he goes and stuff so he put me on a water pill one a day.
So there's water.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, and then
Rhianna Roark: I get
Rhianna Roark: I get I was
Rhianna Roark: 600 milligram
Rhianna Roark: Was okay sorry I had mine call it was a gap open
Natalie Austin: Okay, what know what's the gap, a patent for
Rhianna Roark: For your damage. I had I broke my like
Rhianna Roark: Three different places and
Rhianna Roark: It got nerve damage in it. So it kind of walk a little weird.
Natalie Austin: Give the swelling from
Natalie Austin: That can be, where are you getting the swelling from
Rhianna Roark: You see,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I
Rhianna Roark: Know, guys. I read all the side effects that stuffing Jesus
Natalie Austin: No, I mean, from the accident.
Natalie Austin: From having the accident. You're like, oh,
Rhianna Roark: Okay.
Natalie Austin: This this volume, the same leg is the
Rhianna Roark: Actual mash it actually is not you say
Natalie Austin: It.
Rhianna Roark: We just
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, and see when I first
Rhianna Roark: Got my own doctor my treatment doctor he did complete physical exam. And as soon as you know how you take that thing with your knee.
Rhianna Roark: And you bounce it. Hey, yes. My reflex was off on that. And he was like, oh, I don't understand. That's funny. I said, Well, what doesn't matter if I've had it was broken three different places. So I knew that.
Rhianna Roark: Oh yeah, nevermind. Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: So yeah, and then, um,
Rhianna Roark: Then I take the aim the anxiety and antidepressant bill, which is where the heck today.
Rhianna Roark: Our sp and to motoring I'm a singer right upper Reza
Rhianna Roark: Here you go, two milligrams
Natalie Austin: I want to go over your meds here in a minute. And I'll get the doses, but I want to go. Let me finish the the past medical history is is it depression.
Natalie Austin: Neuropathy
Natalie Austin: Edema lower extremity edema, which flag is it
Rhianna Roark: Right, like
Natalie Austin: Right, like a demon.
Natalie Austin: And then pass surgical history had. Did you have surgery on that right leg.
Rhianna Roark: Yes, I do here, and I also had three C sections attack.
Okay. Yeah, three surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Right lower extremity. Do you have an or if like an open reduction.
Natalie Austin: internal fixation. Do you have any
Natalie Austin: Do you have metal on your leg.
Rhianna Roark: Oh yeah, I have screwed.
Rhianna Roark: Okay, so, you know, I believe.
Rhianna Roark: In. Yeah, sorry.
Rhianna Roark: I'm just enough for my documentation.
Natalie Austin: So every year right large Chevy or if
Natalie Austin: You do you still have your appendix, and your gallbladder.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: So just three C sections and a
Natalie Austin: Right. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Right, like surgery. That's it.
Yeah.
Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Family history is your father still alive.
Rhianna Roark: No, actually, he passed when I was 11
Rhianna Roark: Okay. Um, he caught spinal meningitis pose to the fact that he was HIV positive.
Rhianna Roark: Okay. Back then, so
Natalie Austin: What did he die. What age did he
Rhianna Roark: Die 36
Natalie Austin: Young
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: How about my mother, she still kicking. She's still alive. Tell me.
Rhianna Roark: Why should together.
Rhianna Roark: And her she doing pretty good. She does. She is on blood pressure medicine.
Rhianna Roark: Other than that. She's on a lot of vitamin she takes
Rhianna Roark: From her like her doctor is like a vitamin guru guy, I guess, you know, there's nothing wrong with it. I take vitamin to but
Natalie Austin: Diabetes, or if you have diabetes.
Rhianna Roark: She doesn't have diabetes, but she has
Rhianna Roark: She has a high blood pressure. Right. Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: But now my grandma from my dad side. She had diabetes and then my event which is she passed away, which was my mom sister. She had diabetes, but she also have renal failure. So there I don't know, you know, which you're kind of just as bad. If you get that sick, you know,
Rhianna Roark: Right, I'm just lucky that
Rhianna Roark: I'm so terrified. You know of chemicals diabetes runs and family.
Natalie Austin: When you lost weight lifting. Oh.
Natalie Austin: We lost the way. Yeah, no.
Rhianna Roark: I'm hoping and he said he, like my doctor wants to down to like 10 more pounds and I he's at the I met his ideal weight for what I should be so you don't have those last 10 pounds.
Natalie Austin: Social History, you're not
Natalie Austin: Are you married
Rhianna Roark: Now they're
Rhianna Roark: Divorced no
Rhianna Roark: Say over been married
Rhianna Roark: But they run a very long relationships.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and you have one one child.
Rhianna Roark: Alive. I have, I have two children live
Rhianna Roark: And passed away.
Rhianna Roark: Okay. Oh, to Scott Yeah, he had a car accident at 21 then I have a 22 year old and now I have a
Rhianna Roark: Girl over
Rhianna Roark: The all boys. Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: Well, yeah. Well, my and my oldest now had a grand daughter granddaughter now.
Rhianna Roark: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And any alcohol use, or drug use. Not anymore.
Natalie Austin: Yeah bodies.
Rhianna Roark: Nope.
Rhianna Roark: Nope. Good. Yeah, I mean, maybe occasionally at a wedding. If
Rhianna Roark: It's Nothing, yeah nothing like trash and myself like and now get drunk.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you said you're unemployed.
Rhianna Roark: Know,
Rhianna Roark: Or off yeah I'm I was off tomorrow. What I don't know what you call it, it's only a I say employee, because it's not full time. It's only when the guy calls me
Rhianna Roark: And he has nearly houses. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's employments it's still employment, whether it's
Rhianna Roark: Me pays the bills.
Natalie Austin: Right. Okay. So you're employed or, you know, part time as a
Natalie Austin: Yeah house.
Rhianna Roark: Yes. How much weird, yeah I clean. I played yields apartments and houses so I clean them or paint them and then sometimes he has me show them. So I have to get real fancy dancy and
Natalie Austin: Whoo.
Rhianna Roark: need somebody to everybody can. Are you going to rent the place and so
Natalie Austin: And how much, how many cigarettes hovers Do you smoke.
Rhianna Roark: A pack about a half a pack.
Natalie Austin: A bag today.
Rhianna Roark: Oh, good God I've been smoking for 15 years at least 15 years. Okay. Gosh.
Natalie Austin: And then
Rhianna Roark: I know
Rhianna Roark: My doctors on my ass for that.
Natalie Austin: Okay um next line allergies. You have any allergies anything
Rhianna Roark: No.
Natalie Austin: No allergies and then medications. Here's we'll go over the medicines. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're on Gavin patent, how much
Rhianna Roark: I gave gabapentin 600 milligrams three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, does that
Make
Natalie Austin: Sense. I didn't for you.
Rhianna Roark: What's the FTP
Natalie Austin: Your family doctor
Rhianna Roark: Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry.
Rhianna Roark: And then I have the out Alvarez lamb. Am I saying that right okay grams. Okay, two milligrams
Rhianna Roark: One tablet by mouth every six hours or if needed.
Rhianna Roark: Okay, and then I see, I'm going to spell this to you. OK, I see. And then if you are as an ID.
Rhianna Roark: I was Lisa was a
Rhianna Roark: Year we
Natalie Austin: Wrote
Rhianna Roark: 40 milligrams one tablet. Today's my mouth every morning.
Rhianna Roark: And then, of course, I had the Savvy tech three times a day, but
Rhianna Roark: I've kind of been find them. I hate to say that to
Natalie Austin: Me. That's okay. Don't know if you're honest, is it eight milligrams
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Now, does your other doctor, have you on three times a day or two times a day.
Rhianna Roark: He had me on three and then he we tried to do a cut down. So we went to two and a half.
Rhianna Roark: It was probably what we were going into my second month and
Rhianna Roark: Had I was going through it. I couldn't sleep every year. It's always going to bump me back up and then
Rhianna Roark: I couldn't get back up to the appointment, which really kind of screwed me because now you wouldn't imagine how much it costs on the street right
Rhianna Roark: Now, I think I was a damn idiot
Natalie Austin: How much do you want us to put you on Suboxone eight twice a day, or three times. Do you need the three
Rhianna Roark: I was doing a three issue. If you're allowed
Rhianna Roark: And it was, um, yeah. Three. Three times a day. I don't know if it was savvy tech or buprenorphine as buprenorphine subject, the same thing, right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Rhianna Roark: Okay, well, yeah, yeah. That's what he's given me which
Rhianna Roark: I'll show you.
Rhianna Roark: Have it
Natalie Austin: You know, I believe. I mean, we can look it up with the system.
Rhianna Roark: We have the Ohio slow. Yeah, I guess so, yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. The other medicines.
Rhianna Roark: Now, that's it, that's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, like right now.
Now,
Natalie Austin: Any first breath. He's have some edema and you're right legs about it.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah. Yeah. And I took
Rhianna Roark: Some on medication already this morning. So usually, I take it, I forget to school. My first house. You know what I mean.
Rhianna Roark: Right now.
Rhianna Roark: And I bought some i got i have two left. So I think God I got him with you that now you know i mean
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, so I got two more of them left
Natalie Austin: Look at the student. This book is am
Okay.
Natalie Austin: What is your height. How tall are you,
Rhianna Roark: Five eight now.
Natalie Austin: And what's your weight.
Rhianna Roark: At right right now I'm at 177
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Am I Pirlo lungs non labor aspirations at out of a non standard hardware regular rate and rhythm. Yeah, it's families, maybe plus one of the team on the right lower extremity, and you have a surgical scar on the right knee.
Natalie Austin: Right leg.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Cycle and oriented times three pleasant uncooperative
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment plan one opioid disorder will continue sub you text eight milligrams three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay, to continue. You have a patent for PCP and Lasix per PCP.
Rhianna Roark: Correct, yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, three will follow up with counseling.
Natalie Austin: Will get you started with counseling.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm good, that's really it for the exam there. Do you have any other questions.
Rhianna Roark: I shared down that
Natalie Austin: Do we covered
Rhianna Roark: This awesome. Yes.
Rhianna Roark: This is new to me like blown away. Very nice. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Rhianna Roark: I'm glad. Thank you. I thought you were gonna kill me when I showed, I just felt like I needed to tell you I was buying
Natalie Austin: You know, I've been doing this for two years. So I've heard every
Rhianna Roark: Day, I bet.
Rhianna Roark: I'm not here to judge you know i'm not
Natalie Austin: I'm here to help you. I'm not here to judge you.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: From my role so
Natalie Austin: It wouldn't be as help if I judge you, you know that.
Natalie Austin: The whole purpose.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Not in here.
Natalie Austin: So you haven't you have a pharmacy gave us a pharmacy already is that
Rhianna Roark: Correct, yeah.
Rhianna Roark: That's another thing.
Rhianna Roark: I know
Rhianna Roark: It's called
Natalie Austin: Did you give it to Marie.
Rhianna Roark: I did as well. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's fine. Then we got it.
Rhianna Roark: Okay. Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: I will call it in for you. Okay.
Rhianna Roark: Okay. Now, when should I
Natalie Austin: Check on and then
Natalie Austin: Probably after in a couple hours or so we have a we have scheduled people all day so I don't know where to call them in, but in a couple of you have to though right to get you through
Rhianna Roark: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Probably set try this afternoon by this afternoon. Definitely. Okay.
Rhianna Roark: So now since my family physician that gives me the
Natalie Austin: Other
Rhianna Roark: Stuff. Yeah, so you get she I'll be looking for the Gabba patent and
Rhianna Roark: Savvy tech right
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: You said your PCP is going to do the Gabba Penton up in uprising lambda Lasix there's three, is that correct
Rhianna Roark: Now they have a patent together pinky from the doctor, get a job.
Natalie Austin: Oh, did I
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, I thought I said
PCP.
Rhianna Roark: Nevermind. Oh, OK.
Natalie Austin: Ok family.
Practitioner
Rhianna Roark: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So your family doctor just called in the Lasix in the
Rhianna Roark: And she yeah the water and yep and the anti depression, anxiety pill and then
Natalie Austin: The other
Rhianna Roark: Is the impact you.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, yeah, I'm going to see Part two right now.
I've heard
Rhianna Roark: Okay.
Rhianna Roark: I just throw it all out there.
Natalie Austin: So that, so the Gavin patent might be something for more than neuropathy, though, do you think it's for anxiety to because you have a pet and can be used for multiple things.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, I know there's very many things that you end it was very helpful for a lot of things you wouldn't imagine
Rhianna Roark: I don't know, he said when he, when I looked into it. And then I had the nerve damage he wrote for the nerve damage but I started looking into it so
Natalie Austin: It covers a lot of things, actually.
Rhianna Roark: Yeah, so I mean I don't have a problem with it so
Natalie Austin: I'll find out to find out from my boss. If we can call him the gavel Penton i don't know that.
Answer.
Rhianna Roark: The other company.
Natalie Austin: The other company I worked for we only did some texts and the Suboxone. That's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we didn't do any other meds, but this this company, a little different. So I'll find out. OK.
Natalie Austin: OK. OK.
Rhianna Roark: Okay. And if and then if not in a couple hours. Would you shake it a couple hours call out there and see if it's there.
Rhianna Roark: Yep. Okay.
Rhianna Roark: And if not, then I guess we'll go from here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's not maybe if you're if we can't do it. Maybe your family doctor can
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so we'll see.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: All right, any other questions.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. Well, nice meeting you.
Rhianna Roark: Nice meeting you to make another appointment with you for the phone.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just whenever you make this appointment. All right, we'll just like you may disappoint. But just call back
Natalie Austin: Again, okay.
Rhianna Roark: Okay, okay.
Rhianna Roark: Thank you. You have a wonderful day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Rhianna Roark: Bye bye bye bye